---
layout: post
title: "Session 16: A Friend Reappears"
categories: "Session Notes"
---
# A Friend Reappears

## The tale of Talon Greenthorn
While the gang was getting attacked by thugs, Talon was having his own troubles...
  - Glem spun a story of how he and Talon are from the same area and asked him to deliver a letter for him. Talon accepts as a quid pro quo for Giddeon offering his party quarter for the evening
    - Glem leads Talon upstairs to his study where Talon notices a handful of potions. Glem seems pretty intent on his letter, however, and doesn’t share much other information
    - After handing the letter to Talon, Glem starts to lead him back downstairs to join the others. Talon is suddenly attacked from behind and knocked unconscious
  - Talon begins to wake as he notices the taxidermied monster is no longer where it was before. His captors continue to drag him down a set of stairs at the bottom of which Talon sees what appear to be two prison cells
    - Talon breaks free from his captors and barricades himself inside another separate small room in the basement of the manor
    - Realizing he can’t escape from the eight (8) guards outside, he lights a chair on fire, kicks the door open, and throws the flaming chair at the first thing he sees which happens to be an orc
    - He misses on his attack and plays rope-a-dope while the guards attempt to beat him. Eventually, Talon is subdued
  - Talon wakes up in a cell with a couple of dwarves. He learns their names as the orc enters the dungeon, opens the gate, and pulls a dwarven woman out. He hears the dwarves yell her name, Ruanna, and Talon realizes that this is the bartender the gang is looking for. The dwarves tell him that no one ever comes out of that secondary dungeon
  - The lone guard hears yelling and commotion and enters the room
    - Talon taunts him into coming close to the cell where he grabbs the guard and slams his head into the bars
    - The guard tried swinging at Talon through the bars, where he and the male dwarves grab onto the guard and break his arm—knocking the guard unconscious
    - Talon finds the cell key and unlocks his and the other cell

## A bad decision
As Talon is dealing with his own troubles, the gang makes their way to the first floor where Joggy and Travok find themselves having to make some difficult choices
  - Travok decides against attacking the monster at first and tries picking the lock on a door to his left. Joggy offers up some bardic inspiration but triggers the manticore to turn its head toward the sound
    - After failing to pick the lock, Travok deftly hurls a dagger at the manticore surprising it and catching it completely unaware
    - Travok then rushes the monster and takes a swing with his shortsword but misses with any measurable connection
  - Talon appears from behind the door on which Travok was trying to pick the lock. Talon claims that Ruanna is downstairs and pleads for everyone to follow him
  - After the monster is attacked a few more times, it turned to jump out the window of the great hall. Klug managed to get a strong attack on the beast while it was running towards the window
  - After being hit with a spike from the monster, Joggy runs over to Glemm—still being entirely uncooperative—and slits his throat with his shortsword
  - The manticore shoots Travok with a spike and runs away again... classic. Travok then picks the lock on the door to the study where Giddeon retired to overnight
    - Inside there were signs of a skirmish
    - The one lounge chair was knocked to the side, a statue of Tymora—the goddess of luck—on the floor next to a pool of dried blood
  - The manticore breaks through the front door, finding Joggy hiding underneath the dining table
    - It shoots another spike into Joggy's exposed (sexy) leg, hitting an artery and sending him unconscious
  - Talon and a few of the others head down the stairs
    - The rest of the gang deal with the racists dwarves who are angry at Talon for partnering with Klug
    - They attempt to break the door down to get to Ruanna. Klug breaks down the door and heads down a long hallway to another door. It's like a weird funhouse of terror
 - Talon returns to the upstairs momentarily and fires an arrow into the monster's shoulder. Travok—hidden beneath the same table as Joggy—sneak attacks the manticore
   with a crossbow bolt between the eyes killing the monstrosity

## A blast from the past
  - With the manticore finally dealt with, the gang returns downstairs
    - Joggy helps take care of the captive people they found behind another door in this basement area, play his lute and providing them rations [wtf with all the doors?]
    - Travok pops the lock on the final(?) door. Klug pushes Travok and Berend aside to find his brother Targ inside

## Session Notes
  <ul>
    {% for post in site.posts %}
      <li>
        <a href="{{ post.url | prepend: site.github.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a>
      </li>
    {% endfor %}
  </ul>
